Improve migration guide (#4018)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/migrate/5.md

- If you are using Yarn's PnP and the `pnp-webpack-plugin`, we have good news: it is supported by default now. You have to remove it from the configuration.
- If you are using `IgnorePlugin` with a regular expression as argument, it takes an `options` object now: `new IgnorePlugin({ resourceRegExp: /regExp/ })`.

> If you were using WebAssembly via import you should follow this two step process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using WebAssembly via import, you should follow this two step process:
```

- Enable the deprecated spec by setting `experiments.syncWebAssembly: true`, to get the same behavior as in webpack 4.
- After successful migration to webpack 5, change the `experiments` value to `experiments: { asyncWebAssembly: true }` to use the up-to-date spec for WASM integration.

Reconsider `optimization.splitChunks`:

- It's recommended to use either the defaults or `optimization.splitChunks: { chunks: 'all' }`.
- When using a custom configuration, replace `name` with `idHint`.
- It was possible to turn off the defaults by setting `optimization.splitChunks: { default: false, vendors: false }`. We don't recommend doing this, but if you really want to get the same effect in webpack 5: `optimization.splitChunks: { default: false, defaultVendors: false }`.

Consider removing defaults:

> - Using `entry: "./src/index.js`: you can omit it, that's the default.

Reviewer 2: If I remember correctly `entry: "./index.js"` is default as well. I think the priority order is `./index.js` then `./src/index.js`.

Author: `./index.js` is not used by default.

The default is `entry: "./src"` which would match depending on `resolve.extensions` and `resolve.mainFiles`. By default they are `resolve.extensions: [".js", ".json", ".wasm"]` and `resolve.mainFiles: ["index"]`, but e. g. typescript users often add `".ts"` so `./src/index.ts` would also be possible in this case.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for clarifying @sokra

Is the default assignment done in the core itself? Presently webpack cli is also adding it's own default entry but if core does that already we can get rid of it from the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Using `entry: './src/index.js'`: you can omit it, that's the default.
```

> - Using `output.path: path.resolve(__dirname, "dist")`: you can omit it, that's the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `output.path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist')`: you can omit it, that's the default.
```

> - Using `output.filename: "[name].js"`: you can omit it, that's the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `output.filename: '[name].js'`: you can omit it, that's the default.
```

Need to support an older browser?

> - By default webpack will use your browserslist config to decide which code style to emit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, webpack will use your browserslist config to decide which code style to emit.
```

> - Without a browserslists it would emit ES6 style. You can use `target: ["web", "es5"]` to change it to ES5.

Reviewer: it was `browserslist` on the previous line, need to be consistent
```suggestion
- Without a browserslist it would emit ES6 style. You can use `target: ["web", "es5"]` to change it to ES5.
```

> - For Node.js builds include the supported Node.js version in the `target` option and webpack automatically figure out which syntax is supported, e. g. `target: "node8.6"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Node.js, builds include the supported Node.js version in the `target` option and webpack will automatically figure out which syntax is supported, e. g. `target: 'node8.6'`.
```

- webpack will use it to name files in production and development modes.
- webpack 5 will automatically assign useful file names in `development` mode even when not using `webpackChunkName`.

Using named exports from JSON modules: this is not supported by the new specification and you will get a warning. Instead of `import { version } from './package.json'; console.log(version);` use `import package from './package.json'; console.log(package.version);`

#### Cleanup the build code

- When using `const compiler = webpack(...);`, make sure to close the compiler after using it: `compiler.close(callback);`.

>     - This doesn't apply to the `webpack(..., callback)` form. It will automatically call close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This doesn't apply to the `webpack(..., callback)` form which automatically closes.
```

- Level 1: Schema validation fails. Configuration options have changed. There should be a validation error with a `BREAKING CHANGE:` note, or a hint which option should be used instead.
- Level 2: webpack exits with an error. The error message should tell you what needs to be changed.
- Level 3: Build Errors. The error message should have a `BREAKING CHANGE:` note.
- Level 4: Build Warnings. The warning message should tell you what can be improved.
- Level 5: Runtime Errors. This is tricky. You probably have to debug to find the problem. A general advise is difficult here.
- Level 6: Deprecation Warnings. You probably get a lot of deprecation warnings. This is not directly a problem. Plugins need time to catch up with core changes. Please report these deprecations to the plugins. These deprecations are only warnings and the build will still work with only minor drawbacks (like less performance).
- Level 7: Performance issues. Usually performance should improve with webpack 5, but there are also a few cases where performance get worse.

- Regarding Runtime Errors:
    - `process` is not defined.

>         - Webpack 5 do no longer include a polyfill for this Node.js variable. Avoid using it in frontend code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - webpack 5 does no longer include a polyfill for this Node.js variable. Avoid using it in the frontend code.
```

>         - Want to support frontend and browser usage? Use the `exports` or `imports` package.json field to use different code depending on environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Want to support frontend and browser usage? Use the `exports` or `imports` package.json field to use different code depending on the environment.
```

>             - To support older bundlers use the `browser` field too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Also use the `browser` field to support older bundlers,.
```

>             - Alternative: Wrap code blocks with `typeof process` checks. Note that this is worse regarding bundle size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Alternative: Wrap code blocks with the `typeof process` checks. Note that this will have a negative impact on the bundle size.
```

        - Want to use environment variables with `process.env.VARIABLE`? You need to use the `DefinePlugin` or `EnvironmentPlugin` to define these variables in the configuration.

>             - Consider using `VARIABLE` instead and make sure to check `typeof VARIABLE !== "undefined"` too. `process.env` is Node.js specific and should be avoided in frontend code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Consider using `VARIABLE` instead and make sure to check `typeof VARIABLE !== 'undefined'` too. `process.env` is Node.js specific and should be avoided in frontend code.
```

- Regarding Deprecation Warnings:
    - You can hide deprecation warnings by running node with `--no-deprecation` flag, e.g.: `node --no-deprecation node_modules/webpack/bin/webpack.js`. This should only be a temporary workaround.
    - Plugins and Loaders contributors can follow the advises in the deprecation messages to improve the code.
- Regarding Performance issues:
    - Profile where the time is spend.
        - `--profile --progress` displays a very simple performance profile now
        - `node --inspect-brk node_modules/webpack/bin/webpack.js` + [`chrome://inspect`](chrome://inspect) / [`edge://inspect`](edge://inspect) (see profiler tab).

>             - You can save these profiles to files and provide them in issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - You can save these profiles to files and provide them in issues.
```

>             - Add `--no-turbo-inlining` for better stack traces in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Try using `--no-turbo-inlining` flag for better stack traces in some cases
```

    - Time for building modules in incremental builds can be improved by reverting to unsafe caching like in webpack 4:
        - `module.unsafeCache: true`

>         - But this might affect the ability to handle some of the changes to the code base

Reviewer: This needs to be clarified to the reader: "some of the changes to the code base" is abstract. Does it mean during missing updates during HMR?
```suggestion
        - But this might affect the ability to handle some of the changes to the code base
```

    - Full build

>         - Backward-compat layer for deprecated things usually have worse performance compared to the new thing.

Reviewer: I would recommend choosing something specific vs thing here if you know a good substitute:
```suggestion
        - Backward-compatibility layer for the deprecated features will usually have worse performance compared to the new features.
```

        - Creating many warnings can affect build performance, even if they are ignored.

>         - Source Maps are expensive. Check `devtool` option in documentation to see a comparision of the different options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Source Maps are expensive. Check [`devtool`](/configuration/devtool/) option in the documentation to see a comparison of the different options.
```

>         - Anti-Virus-Protection might affect performance of file system access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Anti-Virus protection might affect performance of the file system access.
```

>         - Persistent Caching can help to improve repeated full builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Persistent Caching can help to improve the repetitive full builds.
```
